Use local time instead of UTC time as default backup filenames (#29047)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/hassio.markdown

| Service Data Attribute | Optional | Description |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ----------- |

> | `name` | yes | Name of the backup file. Default is the current date and time in the user's local time

Reviewer: It's the time zone configured in the general settings, I'm not sure how to best explain that.
![image](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/assets/14281572/f0fbada9-d052-4ba7-a386-781e594bad41)

Author: Something like `By default, the current date and time are used in your local time, which you have set in your general settings.`?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `name` | yes | By default, the current date and time are used in your local time, which you have set in your general settings.
```
